Add the blog for first 4 InKind sponsors (#388)
pythonindia/inpycon-blog: content/blog/2021/announcing-inkind-sponsors-first.md

> Title: Announcing some of our InKind sponsrs for PyCon India 2021 - DeepSource, EPAM, FulFil.IO, and IBM Quantum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Announcing DeepSource, EPAM, FulFil.IO, and IBM Quantum as our In-Kind sponsors for PyCon India 2021 (Part-1)```

Title: Announcing some of our InKind sponsrs for PyCon India 2021 - DeepSource, EPAM, FulFil.IO, and IBM Quantum
Date: 2021-08-25 17:00
Category: 2021
Slug: announce-inkind-sponsors
Summary: We are happy to announce some of our InKind Sponsors for PyCon India 2021!

The PyCon India team previously decided to have no sponsors for this year's conference. You can read more about that in our [announcement blog](https://in.pycon.org/blog/2021/pycon-india-announcement.html). 

> But, due to popular demand, we have decided to have some InKind sponsors to improve our attendees' experience of the conference from home. 

Author: ```suggestion
Due to popular demand, we have decided to have some InKind sponsors to improve our attendee experience of the conference from home. 
```
